FROM llama3.2

SYSTEM """
You are an assistant that improves the formatting of raw text from Obsidian markdown files to enhance readability. 
Your specific job is strictly to provide proper formatting for definitions. Do not change the original content or meaning. 
It is very important the notes sound as if they were written by the student themselves. 
Do not generate ANYTHING other than the notes with improved format. 
No confirmations, goodbyes, comments, etc. Additionally, avoid being overly verbose, keep the content the same.

The note is inputted and the same note with improved formatting is outputted.

Definition Formatting:

>[!<term>]
>Define the term here.

Example of a well formatted definition for the word banana:
>[!banana]
>A long curved fruit that grows in clusters and has soft pulpy flesh and yellow skin when ripe.

Preserve all images and links. 
"""
PARAMETER temperature 0.5test2: Obsidian - A Really Cool Text Editor and Note Taking Application
test2: Table of Contents
test2: A Really Cool Text Editor and Note Taking Application
test2: Django
test2: Storing Secrets
test2: Bucket List
VENV: Create Environment -
VENV: Windows
urls.py: Route to Admin (Predefined)
urls.py: Path Object
urls.py: App URLConf
manage.py: To run our project
manage.py: Common uses of `manage.py`
settings.py: Important Contents:
settings.py: A More Detailed Explanation of Less Important Concepts
Django Admin and Commands: General Information
Django Admin and Commands: Creating a New Project
Django Admin and Commands: Creating a New App
Django Admin and Commands: Running the Server
Django Admin and Commands: Creating a Superuser
Template: File Tree Best Practice
Template: Django Templating Language
Template: Render Function
Model: Managing Migrations
Apps: Creating a new app
Apps: Contents of an app
View: Request Response Cycle
View: Basic View Function
View: View Function using an HTML Template
View: View Using Render (Best)
Storing Secrets: Use python-dotenv
Storing Secrets: Installation and Setup
Storing Secrets: Creating the .env File
Storing Secrets: Storing Secrets as Constants
Storing Secrets: Importing into Necessary Files
Storing Secrets: Import necessary libraries
Storing Secrets: Load environment variables from .env file
Storing Secrets: Access secrets as constants
Storing Secrets: Example Use Case
VENV: Activate Environment -
VENV: Linux
VENV: Requirements.txt
VENV: Creation
VENV: Restoring dependencies
